Top
-------
Get to an MVP:
Start from a gate at the bottom of the town

Maybe no every npc needs to buy every item?
Own your own hamlot, recruit people to come to you
Color coordinate a buy npc and sell npc
Buy a temporary shop that you can put items into and they have a chance of being sold, likely for worse prices than if you tried hard to sell well
Buddies that give bonuses like more space, better prices, etc at a cost
Slot Machine
Make NPCs favor and item, randomzied numbers favored to those items
Make it more clear Interactable NPCs are interactable
More ways for the player to spend money
Automatically, randomly generated quests
Automatically, randomly generated dialog that explains a quest with proper icon and coloring. For example, a sell quest for sword, potion, sword that rewards gold should explain that, with accompanying color coordination and icons
Add more items
Different tiers of items
NPC Quest that makes a seller NPC sell an equipment upgrade, such as inventory space upgrade
NPC Quest to make a seller NPC give out a rare item for cheap
NPC Quest to make a seller buy an item for a lot more
NPC Quest to change an NPC's price rate advantageously for the player
NPC Quest that upgrades a player buy NPC offer higher tier items from now on
Stock Market - Maybe implement as a line item menu for the player interface. Have a manager for stocks that update every 5 seconds. Come up with 5 random stock companies. Allow the player the buy and sell stocks at a single NPC, possibly by switching between buy and sell modes with with left and right arrows. On every 5 second update, adjust the stocks in a random direction 1-10%. This should be sufficient for now, perhaps enabling more interaction later on with quests and stuff to interfere with the price

Minigame using single choice menu where you get money based on what it says when you select, but it changes rapidly (maybe slot machine)
Randomized something, like the NPC layouts, which are buy/sell shops, etc.
Add some events (may via single choice shops) that buff the player, such as speed
Shortcut routes you can open in town (maybe pay money to open, complete quest, find hidden location)
Hirelings
Lighting
When starting, allow players to choose a bonus to start with (increased speed, rucksack size, set gold amount, etc.)
City-wide sale on item
Start out with little money, picking up apples and stuff to sell before they get rich enough to start buying and selling
Specializations to make the game fun each
- Sell X type of item for more (sword, food)
- X type of item only take up half bag space
Shop Loyalty

Player Upgrades
Move speed
Multi-item buying
Shops sell higher tier of items
Better deal buying
Better deal selling

Fail
------
Add a timer the player must get through the gate by (F: Took too much screen. Instead, maybe have clocks around town that are displaying time)
Add an Inui sprite to the game as an NPC and animate it (F: Sprite does no look good with the kenney tileset. Her proportions do not match the other humans, and she has too many dark colors in her image that don't allow a good looking outline)



Visuals
-----------
Color palettes
